---
layout: post
published: true
title: Fuji Yama
---

<p class="intro"><span class="dropcap">T</span>oday we woke up at 9 o'clock but we were late because we planned to wake up at 8 o'clock. Fast we dressed up and went to Shibuya station. There we bought our train tickets. When we arrived at Gotemba 5th station we took the bus to the last stop.</p>

From the bus-stop, there was a path up the hill. That is the path we took to climb the mountain. First, we gave a donation to the keepers of the mountain. When we were done we walked up a lot of stairs. Then when we got to the top of the stairs, there was a little temple. Then the real climbing began. We walked up on the gravel/stone path. It was exhausting so we took a view breaks to drink something and to watch the beautiful view. Eventually, we came by a little bar. We bought some food and drinks. When we were done we started walking again. After a little while some of us were getting really tired. So we decided to go back to the stop. And the rest went further up to have an even greater view. When they came back down to the bar. We walked all the way back to the bus stop. By that time it was already 18:34.

We had to be at the train station at 17:50 to catch our train. So when we checked for the bus time it was then that we found out that the bus had already left. The bus goes every hour. This was annoying because we were going to miss our train. Luckily we were able to use the same ticket to take a later metro. So we were going to be late home to night. When we were at our home station we bought some food and went home.

~ Midas
